and it's because I while ge
it's okay
good
we apologized but if you felt
attacked the truth that we are and
I do not have any awards to the contrary
they were incredible these bad these
dimes and diretes began in chile yo
I think it has to do with the little ball that
it exists between countries but I
I personally have many Peruvians
also experience with guilt for
what happened
for ignorance maybe but
we continue in situ in the jungle
with you it was an incredible experience
loving we call them also just
ask forgiveness for my countrymen
Chileans because the goal for us
never time the bass in them was said in
a program in china has nothing to do
with us we are
thankful grateful people of
the poor and from you I have friends
but I 'm not
Today, like this, it really sold me the
drop we are made
but unfortunately the only thing
we can say well all of us are
poor
the issue of waste as
protagonists of the islands
we apologize for our companions
the name of my fault and grateful what
what were you doing after us
It was spectacular
others
and there we are
it's terrible the worst is that we can by
not have it cold
die when you are a love
with her
you do not know how sad the light lost
when we got it but it 's looking good
but he does not know sir he leaves you two passes
nobody what there is then what
the condemned who do not pass so that the
savage we found that that same
advance and in force from the press and
in writing those within the portal
but
it's outrageous when it comes out that
characters in a character that came out
touching the sweep as
to the world that we are all
wild and we eat children in this
meaning translated to us from that
way this was our concern
and our indignation even when
we are told that we too
we are the pure ones in that sense
I believe that our culture our wealth
culture that we maintain in the
place of events we did not control
proven years that we are better
educated smart and well clean not
like them who have come who has gone
from his land to get in there
we have shown him with our waters
from the Amazon river the river nervion like no
in the area of influence
they have bathed hopefully today they have
come clean that I hope you come back
clean to other countries